 according to a total of 18884 statistics, the british 832 people who have to pay tax have to pay tax.
 it would be possible to bring the article to be implemented in the context of the provisions of article 4 of the provisions of the provisions of article 4.
 in the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of the 1 quarter of the year during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the candidate should be included in the recruitment roster after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the methodology requires the establishment of grade grades as a basis for remuneration.
 on the basis of the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price prices of these scenic spots may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for market stalls in the shopping centers and street market stalls has reached the highest peak for 5 years.
 the most difficult to predict the situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, because it is forecast that there is a significant change in the future.
 the intention of the country must be taken into account, not the form of an instrument.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay for long periods.
 in some cases, some people believe that this operation would not be able to do so.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by member states.
 the office of the namibian family family was established in january 1996.
 states parties are most suitable to report the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it had exercised the power of international treaties, and therefore, in law and in fact, it is a subject of an international law.
 while the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities will be expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach the law should be understood that the international community is the united nations decisions and action of the united nations.
 the parents cannot take hand in hand, and the responsibility of the complicity of the discipline is completely pushed to schools and teachers.
 " now i am pleased to see one country, two systems, two systems and hong kong people enjoy the results of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, he will speak on behalf of the group on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must avoid competition with private property market and maintain the difference between the two.
 we look to the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations in the context of close consultation with the interested states concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i to the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by the election committee.
 if a person is using a security device, he is required to pay at least to prevent the installation of the installations.
 it has also established a network of international e-commerce networks in october 1998.
 the growth rate of gross domestic product in 1996 was revised by an amendment to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to china, the queen's huang and edinburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was the strongest protest by the government of the people's republic of china.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim in respect of the humanitarian costs of military volunteers is not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the presidency of the president of the general assembly.
 the long-standing problems of the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus have not been able to pay rapidly to the organization.
 member of the panel of experts on the dispute between india and the united states of transitional products between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the new year's university's university is a student in the chinese university.
 the committee noted, however, that it is not the benefit of the state service.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of a system of education, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30), a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30).
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed gratitude to the assistance of the marine department for the construction of marine teams and other relevant parties.
 okay, continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there are a number of preconditions for the settlement of these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warnings will gradually return to normal.
 this was partly part of the draft resolution prepared by the draft conference, which is incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, french, and this year include romania.
 during the transaction between the local financial institutions and the local non-financing of local transactions, accounting for 2<unk> and 10 per cent of local non-financing clients were conducted.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single-level single-level singletons.
 it is essential to seek results-based results, which relates to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there was a worry that there was a fear of concern about humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed a decision on this subject, so that the chamber was left to france.
 the trend towards the slowdown in these countries has led to a negative impact on economic progress and stability in the economic and social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 we, through the united nations, have entered the world through the united nations, and between the north and the south.
 3, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the sustainable development strategy of local, enterprises and the public.
 the united nations can play a key role in order to promote the development efforts of the developing countries.
 " it's impossible to understand the sword, " he says. "
 (15) in both words and thinking, international perspectives.
 there have been 2 months since the end of 11 september.
 officials of china's ministry of agriculture stated that there was a very effective measure of national defence control and control over the disease.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force would be able to prevent a mistake in a violent conflict.
 however, in this critical moment, it is essential that the terror alliance must clearly recognize and acknowledge the enemy.
 i am extremely hoping that the executive authorities can dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker, representing a representative of the african group, commended unifem for the efforts made by unifem in response to the recommendations.
 the chinese government intends to introduce a final plan at the beginning of next year, the creation of 13 coal bases throughout the country.
 at the end of the day, it's a long way to modernize the town of keelung.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card business of the institutions.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 the university of universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of the member states.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the publication will be available to a number of relevant statistical developments.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrated the tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent membership of the council.
 customers can be purchased within six months after the issuance of the special stamps.
 following his visit to the visit, the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr. wang wing-ping, visited the deputy secretary for education and other education and education department.
 in 1971, the director of the hong kong university of hong kong's cultural foundation.
 it is not easy to determine whether the voters and electoral campaign activities could have a contribution to the judge.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific are deeply aware of the announcement by france for the resumption of the nuclear tests carried out in the pacific.
 the age is 15 years of age.
 service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers pushed home, and there are even some residents in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and the public and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium to the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, national security and the maintenance of peace.
 such a solution could help to identify genuine responsibility for the identification of real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairman of the co-chaire ahmed ( pakistani).
 the committee affirms its importance to the process of strengthening the process of nation-building, the consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian troops and residences have been destroyed and israeli troops were deployed to stop.
 the text of the text is even more closely linked to the structure of the text, simplified and content.
 this sustained high prices, not only the nervous price of the people, but also caused high priority to government authorities and scholars.
 he did not talk about a halt. let<unk>s take a look at heart.
 we do not have a valuable contribution to the political and professional scholars who have professional knowledge about political studies.
 as the saying goes, " we 've got a mistake.
 it is expected that the great majority of the national party is expected to be accelerated by the democratic party of the new millennium.
 after the ching dynasty, there were a resurgence of the two days ago.
 the mainland's opening up on taiwan's mainland china is optimistic about taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the existence of functional jurisdiction is the navigational and adoption of a zone of the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to refer to this type of deception. if any doubt, please report to the police as soon as possible.
 chen fung-chen, officially elected director-general of the world health organization, officially elected the director-general of the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the provisions of the international law on extradition in accordance with the international law section.
 the declaration of the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948 gave notice to a new era.
 the committee commends the " slovenia constitution ", in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there was no black battle in the world.
 non-discrimination principles have thus become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process of history, and the process has begun to begin over two years before, and in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visitors from april 6 to november rose significantly to nearly 60000 in november.
 there are no cases in the case of the previous case or in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the work of the nuclear-weapon states must depend on the competence and modalities of the committee on its membership.
 the letter of authorized registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002 for the quality of services.
 however, as you are aware, we have to pursue " quality " does not mean that we do not think that the quantity is not important.
 the country was generally felt that the international community has no action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirements is to assess the damage caused by the floods and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government will take the 1 step forward in advance of the two exchanges and clearing mergers of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office had to assist in the implementation of the three ministers of confidence-building measures determined by the ministers.
 the crime and the application of a criminal offence were added to a criminal offence, with explosions, the lowest and the highest limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired.
 the waiting time in the analysis of the waiting time was mainly in three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the increase in the disease.
 the reconstitution of human life, as the product of modern technology, has been taken to control the urban disaster.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony and to promote the development of different peoples and cultures of the world.
 in the case of food prices, i do not know what the business sector can do.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production to the local production services centre, " he said.
 i would like to understand that it is true that we feel genuinely celebrated the rest of the council.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mainly smaller.
 the coordination of relevant issues related to cooperation with the united nations with the relevant united nations agencies is also appropriate.
 in the face of " products " in the market, parents can do more.
 if there is a very serious consequence, the consequences will certainly be very serious.
 for those vietnamese and laos who cannot be resettled, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system was operating well in 1999 and the system has been improved.
 at the same time, the maintenance of nuclear tests was crucial in the maintenance of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 it was also considered that this could create a precedent, leading to a notification of all types of ships to be adopted by notice.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the question, the government will never have public legal advice to make public legal advice.
 as at august 1997, 34 china-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong through a total of $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land assets of monuc have transported more than 30 tons of relief items to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies to implement drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between the working life of the working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible for us to engage in trade prior to egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not the right of a group of people, and it is not too often a political appeal.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the about.
 more recently, the private sector and foundations of the private sector have increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other amendments <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to the population of the israeli population.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to make all the services.
 the recent developments in britain's political politics seem to be a cause for concern.
 the model part of the model includes the development of the models of physical physical physical physical and fidalism in three of the persian gulf.
 9 of this percentage point of percentage points are derived from currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where there is a place in the import and export of weapons.
 switzerland is no longer tolerated the swiss financial system using the swiss financial system for the future to do so.
 most of the job vacancies may apply for diploma or degree of graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 tables attached to the construction of the works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the functions of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 in the near future, it was hoped that the national television station in the near future was broadcast.
 civil society in the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement and support for the commonwealth of commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are being holled at the junction of cross-cutting crossings, and the prospects can be.
 it is because mr leung yiu-chung has more time, so it is so much better. therefore, i support it.
 the observer for the americans, africa and the american association of cultural associations considered that the non-democracy population was a minority in argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we plan to conduct an annual survey of university graduates.
 we are not aware of the version of the chinese government, and it is very likely that hong kong officials are an excuse for the mainland.
 the college of commissioners, in new york, held the 5 plenary meeting on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law was set out in the model law, however, that the criteria for the signatory, dependence on both parties and certification services.
 it is therefore expected that the emergence of capacity for national programmes will be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hksar warmly supports the wto as soon as possible.
 in sub-saharan africa, for example, only one of the 53000000 people in sub-saharan africa is only a telephone.
 the press must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed the border crossing between the gaza strip and egypt, each time for a number of days.
 as far as unloading is accelerated, the cost of transportation has been reduced, and the cost of transportation is thus benefited.
 in the name of a printer or the client's doors, there are almost all the artists in the print.
 3. 2. the 2 is absorbing the knowledge of knowledge, technology technology and entrepreneurship capability.
 she wants to do what they can do. if they listen to radio, television, reading, singing, singing, singing and ballets.
 when we talk about taiwan's children's children, it is indeed very difficult to see the impact on them.
 the payment of freight charges could be calculated on a higher value basis.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing has invited me to talk about the relationship between this and the reconstruction area.
 a consultant was entrusted with an independent expert team to encourage consultants to work in a open and transparent manner.
 i don't have to see such reporting.
 (a) the companies who are interested in renting the cyberport will apply to the application application application application forms.
 as for movies, there's a lot of people's life.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, the ratio of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff.
 the court considers that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations to pay the purchase price.
 the independent association for the independent human rights association of the region shall be held channels with the commission on human rights.
 if 159 members of the sponsor of the draft resolution, the draft resolution will be a record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the commission has recently promised to report on the status of the hong kong financial centre in this year.
 the meeting believed that the holding of the elections would be the privileges of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors can also come back to me. this is a few days in modern civilization.
 we have a great goal, and hong kong has developed a international city of asia in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr stephen lam, and the management committee of the fund management committee, will be distributed to the elderly new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow suggested that the use of " youth police officers " would agree to this agreement.
 the breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as to the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is wrong.
 shanghai jung-ng's international trade and export company, zhejiang province, zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping corporation (hktc) is in the hands of the hong kong shipping industry.
 helping the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate the consolidation of peace in the united states.
 according to he said, history is yet to repeat.
 the development framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider extending the terms of reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the mission had always been very active in the presence of the members of the commission.
 israel is proud of the age-old traditions of the world with the entire world.
 <unk> mr. choi will be the director of the information services department at the directorate level at the directorate level.
 the dancers of the dancers are in the hands of flowers, and then left the audience.
 the situation in the social area of the united nations social area is most disturbing.
 as a result, he was sent to the hospital. the doctor said that children are infected with small children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to introducing the new types of beauty, they don't forget to make a big mirror.
 the aim is to bring pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that it will no longer wage war.
 a 3 alarm fire broke out in tai po, tai po, tai po, today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not let the people of kosovo should not allow them to dragg them away, and should be seen in the future.
 let us not forget that all these are public funds. these are no waste of waste.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently come to the public to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements shall be submitted to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to the other.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong will arrive at xi'an, who arrived in the 1 station in the 1 stop in the 5.
 the committee also notes the additional information provided by the delegation during the consideration of the report and subsequent years.
 a major train explosion occurred between north korea and the north korean station on 22 days.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include information on the situation of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 it is really difficult to do so.
 however, international trafficking is also related to other fields, including apparel, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe in my own faith, but i often hear religions in the spirit of love love.
 as a result, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we should carefully assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have put some part in the implementation of its provisions, particularly in mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.3 million, and the first time in four years had fallen to 200000 for the first time.
 in financial year, the united states export bank has provided funds to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 an informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday, 5 june and june 6, 6 june.
 at present, the government is taking into account legal action on the pollution of the problem of polluting the old site.
 a total of 36 posts were proposed by the office for operations and 18 posts funded by the support account, and 18 posts were paid by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, the main reference is made by the government of chen shui-bian's government's " 3 road ".
 right, on the two-eded swords, we have zhang charts, eh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the number of checks on the number of passengers and take-offs on a daily basis.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only written documents in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt.
 at the scene, the meeting was at 0:30 a.m. in the morning of the meeting.
 the record shall have a record of 3 years since the end of the special incident.
 china has made a reduction of two0000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are now ready to cross the night at bangkok.
 we fully support similar statements by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis are available to the carpark of the urban area and the carpark's carpark at halk road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers between the united nations is the transparency of the legitimate arms transfer of the sovereign state.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to streamline the manpower as a result of the slow-down in economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs the consensus of society. "
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, and there are no refugee status.
 as soon as i went to the children, i am deeply concerned about the campaign.
 the african human rights and the people's rights committee also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender differences and inequalities affecting the risk of the risk of gender and inequalities are also not sufficient.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biomilitary engineering and environmental protection agency, the commercial application of these technical applications could reach a few0000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years from january next year.
 the 3 category should be given to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along accumulated the fiscal surplus and should be added to the use of the government. "
 the swd has contacted chen autumn-ling family, providing psychological counselling to the family.
 the number of accommodation is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments have further contributed to strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 these people have been exhausted and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether they were invited to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, remuneration, training and management of the prison guards are equally applicable to prison guards.
 " the check also revealed that the cost of the bridge is adequate to cater for traffic, utility facilities and other factors.
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some of the international conventions.
 the buildings department comprises the office of the department and the court.
 all helicopters were envisaged before the 1 round of balloting.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a sunshine.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the mains of the economic development of the economy.
 we therefore stress the importance of the nuclear powers to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states has only maintained the ratio of a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the opening-up and opening up of the world, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to achieve a prosperous and stable strategy.
 in my country because of a climate of warmth of warming and warming, there will be two or 60 centimeters.
 i hope that, in the process of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to share his appearance in this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the applicant to renounce the right of guardianship after reappointment.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed on the conference included a model of travel document for citizens of the region.
 in good words, he is a friend of his friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers ' unemployment, employment and job-related problems have been troubled for some time.
 " even if they entered into taiwan, they should not give up the " lively " performance. "
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose most of its actual role.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in inflation in the last year.
 that is to say that it will not be allowed to let the veterinary college of hong kong and taiwan in taiwan, and the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 on the other hand, the economic experts of the company have also raised the same projections.
 this project could also allow more public awareness of the desirable and desirableness of the cultural diversity and to the maintenance of such diversity.
 given the number of applications for single persons, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned detention assets were carried out on the basis of the code of procedure of the code of procedure and by the judge.
 it is evident from this, that's the only way to death.
 the provision of basic medical supplies has been provided for the provision of basic medical supplies at the agency's primary health care facilities.
 there is no plan to redistribut the land.
 on the basis of this subject, the conference attempted to remind people that one person has died or maim for a one-minute basis.
 it was only time that some crafts items could be purchased at the end of the neighbouring island.
 motorists are advised to conduct direct instructions and follow-up to police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was somewhat surprising, since the legal adviser had been subjected to the training of an undiscriminated behaviour by the competent virtues.
 with the help of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of enlargement of the existing social and personal scope of the social security system.
 the amputation of the amputation has left their lifelong marks, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined simultaneously.
 after the introduction of the scheme, many colleagues will be able to set a journey on lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been hidden in his father, after his father had made a written complaint to his father.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of job opportunities for low-skilled services is the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that currently small-scale micro-financing approaches were based on the previous policy experience of credit subsidy.
 just now, mrs miriam lau has referred to the " charter for youth ".
 three men were suspected of conspiracy to deceive money.
 they shall be open for a gradual and gradual market liberalization in accordance with the circumstances of the country.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the united states and the united kingdom for war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all the universal universally recognized human rights.
 the state practice shows that there is a great difference between the length of the option of option of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is keenly looking forward to the security council's consideration of the previous agendas and would also be re-examined.
 a large number of countries have achieved a large number of countries living in poverty, although the economic crisis caused by the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, there are no funds from the countries of the poor.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring states in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to the goal of achieving a multi-integatory relationship with each other.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 this was followed by a veterinary officer at the scene of a review of the chickens and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions surveyed by the secretariat and verify the self-sustaining rates of the recommendations.
 if the floods of the new territories north the northwest new territories are to be implemented, the project is to be implemented.
 without legal and ethics, capitalism often creates drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 in the 1 painting of the huang's largest works, chen yi-chih's first works, " says chen's series of cartoons.
 the one-way navigation route between the two sides of the two sides can be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report has been described as a result of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territory.
 <unk> do not take a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot and 38 were burned alive.
 the working group, together with international human rights services, had been able to address these issues in 1997 to address these issues in 1997.
 28 members of the immigration department and 13 police officers raided 7 targeted units in sham shui po.
 it is therefore desirable for the contracting authority to consider measures that may need to be taken into account.
 the economic growth of developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 of the alleged elements of the communist party of nepal were killed by the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with a law on the basis of article 22 of the law, the legislation is under legislation under the legislation under the legislation.
 mr president, following the closing of next year, the smell problem will be resolved after the closing of next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200,000 children were killed in armed conflicts, with a permanent disability or serious injuries.
 " this is a great help in development. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government's development in the north-west.
 if the residential care is not able to make improvements or result, the department would have issued a warning letter.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have been one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 6688000000 for the construction of the construction company in this month.
 i have to check the hong kong legislation that there are 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, in the area of non-traditional security.
 between june and august this year and july may this year, most of the major industry sectors and underemployment conditions have remained stable.
 this is not an easy task. but if there is a quota system, people with disabilities can be absorbed by the disabled.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the work of the factory and industry, will be effective in the light of the effective implementation of the scheme.
 the letter does not have to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only give rise to the contrary.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-general contains the correct framework of the united nations in the future of east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number and relative number of people in poverty is growth.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry, " he said.
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darf darfur was a dispute between hermads and crops in the area of farming.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the development of community facilities such as fire services department and open space.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the details of the details of the details will also be made available to those who have just been able to upgrade their language skills.
 chen beautifully sits on the deck of the decks and from time to time to break the waves of threw in the deck.
 in fact, in the case of the jurisdiction of the garrison, the draft garrison law is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre in the judiciary is not encouraging the defence of the proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint meeting wishes to express the discussion of the discussion, and follow-up actions will be taken on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also prepare for the review of the district council's review in 2003.
 on 1 avenue, the secretariat entrance entrance to the 1 avenue is limited to the traffic flow of the permanent representative by the permanent representative.
 in the face of the relocation of the village, the villagers were using a three-year period of three years.
 the institute for agrarian reform in el salvador was established as an executing agency for land transfer plans, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee is not opposed to these posts.
 anyone who has any information on the girl's relatives or who has the girl or she is concerned is urged to call mong kok police station at 2398 69.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal official certificate to facilitate the implementation of improved quality and improving productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not have a lot of time, and i would like to focus on two of the three issues.
 to this end, emphasis is placed on education, increasing the need for education in the developing world to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not the command of the command of the forces of the army.
 the field assets control system is aimed at a series of audits aimed at the end of the purchase of the united nations.
 it's not possible.
 for security reasons, for the sake of the protection of the environment, these substances must be unexploded, non-mocracy, non-competitive gas and no chemical.
 the offence of treason is already in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse, it seems that the threat of destruction of nuclear weapons appears to be in the minds of many people.
 in the village, the village has all walked away.
 the armed conflict in darfur began in february last year.
 the rights of non-discrimination are the international protection of human rights and, in particular, respect for pluralism.
 the procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any documents or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the share of hong kong's ranking will in the future.
 the so-called choice is to choose whether or not the contract will be contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to return to indifference.
 at that time governor patten was busy with the conservative party's election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, 16 november, 2001 sydney.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one accused has been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly the lives of children, is always sad, and sadness beyond ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the result of the operation includes $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines have been set up on the buildings department's homepage and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of the view that it would not be possible to describe the level of science and technology.
 although the member states were requested to strengthen the representative of the field, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb had been explosion near the city of the city of city city.
 safety security guards at the session, as well as personal security guards, will receive special passes to the united nations security and security service.
 information derived from the latest maps and new access has been transferred quickly to rescue institutions.
 the programme provides 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations organs have undertaken mine-action activities in the mission.
 the royal government of cambodia provides protection for the protection of hiv <unk> aids in cambodia and protect the human rights of these people.
 once again, the housing department will be able to ask the housing department to ask the housing department for further inspection.
 the drop-out rate for girls is still higher than boys, in secondary schools and university and for boys.
 there was a stalemate in the bian-bian and the bian-chair of the bian-wai, which broke out in the countryside.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access to such private schools.
 unexpectedly, it was not surprising that she had changed her decision.
 a warning letter will be received by the transport department.
 always, in the hands of the united states, he is, er, that he is, er, he is, er,, er, he is, er, he <unk>
 chairman of the environmental capital agency; senior adviser of the world bank of the world bank.
 if senior officials are concerned about investment in investment, it is not as easy to do business.
 it should also take into account the dissemination of changes in the international system over the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some things cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to lift the cuban sugar quota in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the following day is required to report back to the gendarmerie.
 mr boo wei-wen was speaking on the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark law.
 the more voters go to the vote, and of course our 1-year-old clip.
 a distant location is about 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles around 13 minutes.
 if his spirit is not enough, he will be able to take a break.
 it is quite obvious that it is the administration of administration.
 it was accompanied by armed attacks on the ethnic cleansing of turkish cypriots in december 1963.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case before the court hearing. "
 his delegation expressed appreciation to the delegations that made a positive contribution to the work of the topic.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the destabilization of the marriage, she asked whether there had been no research on the causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the environment is even worse than one year earlier.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology and the appointment of the special adviser.
 he will carry out major reforms in the futures and to enhance the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the importance of greater improvement and access to information has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation stated that the majority of this was the result of external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " the achievement of the accomplishments and continuous efforts of each of the colleagues in the past and the present each of our colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 to improve the standard of living of children and improve services, parents will pay a certain costs on the basis of household income.
 further efforts are needed, however, to make further efforts to raise the results of the work of the relevant national authorities.
 those criminal acts cannot be allowed to be allowed to support those criminal acts.
 on 26 july, he was seeing a taxi driver in sha tin, which was seen by a security guard by two burglary.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of him or contact the client.
 under article 54 of the constitution, expatriates in the territory shall be protected in accordance with the same protection of the law.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year time to enable them to be consistent with the directions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is anger that the pfp has been anger in a press conference, so that the kmt betrayed kuomintang.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for other people to make use of them.
 as a result of the congratulation of the substantis, the casstains were set up on the ground.
 in the past six years, the fishing industry agreed that six years of work had been found in taiwan.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has been eradicated by numerous resolutions, a multiethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic religion.
 in accordance with the regulation of the sfc, the hkma will carry out regulatory functions and standards in accordance with the regulation of the sfc.
 for the first time, the dust will return back to the sample of the sample.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace and to bear a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important element in projections and projections, with the planning and research of private and commercial organizations.
 a few years ago, the friend invited to attend the chinese lunar new year holidays.
 the united states government recognizes that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of decision was paid to a compulsory rule of adjudication.
 in the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power power, black-spelled, networking, networking, equipment and passwords.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement the proposals.
 the board of auditors also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 in the bill, there is no special reference to the use of a copy of the company's concealment to a person or a company.
 it is strange to say that the names of chinese people will be avoided by the name of the name of the chinese people.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to their families and to disinfect their home.
 let me now turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to address the recommendations of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 in its efforts to focus on the necessary action, we refuse to stand on a single side.
 we are watching the process of resolving the question of palestine in the middle east problem.
 i would like to do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, which has been the driving force of technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left out of the development efforts of the international community.
 a number of local state of emergency was renewed on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupied mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile enables them to engage in threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt a platform for the application of software products as a platform for applications.
 in addition, there are 106 young child care centres in the private sector.
 after the incident, both sides have taken military action, but there is no major change in the front lines.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of new novels.
 however, some immediate danger to the relevant departments will take immediate immediate action.
 the expert may make a new image with those in the commission's databases and the recent images (about 15000).
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate contains 10 per cent vacancy rates.
 the use of coal conversions will also reduce sulphur sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and will be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the large number of people with more than 100 or more employment units are in the industry, with more than 50 or more persons.
 in accordance with section 23 of the swedish code, the penalty for the preparatory or complicity is less than the highest limits that have been completed.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 and to east timor from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kingss of morocco, the king of morocco, hassan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operations of rwanda and 5 of the suspects.
 of these, 63 were implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 are being hosted by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of spain.
 it would be the case in which the vehicle is not loading.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ") have inadequate capacity to use it.
 over 8 days later, the usana and us are in the midst of us.
 more than 2,000 basins of africa will be displayed at the hong kong park hall for the easter period from 13 to 16.
 the survey will provide information on the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly with respect to reliable, updated information.
 one of the hot spots is that one of the people's attention is that one of the new rounds of games will be launched this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation to abolish the death penalty in 1993 is a major trend in the world's respect for human rights.
 it is also known that the mercy and other illnesses are also very effective.
 15 catholics and international charities were responsible for the heads of humanitarian organizations, as well as the many staff of his staff, allegedly in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that this legislation was revised in 1999 to give more investigative powers and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speech at a luncheon hosted by the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 the international community can cooperate with each other.
 the ministry of finance has submitted a response to the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market and the property prices will not be big. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung says just now that if the application is made, how would be the case <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the legislative framework may be found to be found in paragraphs 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, it is essential to begin to collect data on their stockpiling and production historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people were used as " vested people ".
 many people, i believe, will not agree with this view, but it will, in principle, oppose the land departure tax.
 as stipulated in the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed with all those in the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the offensives in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to continue to prove that there is an impact on the problem of labour shortages.
 they have adopted the german extroversion model.
 it was received from the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 the work of such work is still under the division and need to be considered and approved.
 police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island on january 6 to take place in order to hold public interest.
 private universities have also paid relief fees on the basis of student economic conditions.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achievement of the common objectives of our region.
 he was very strong, and he was very strong, and he was able to seize his heart.
 some police officers are asked to make a copy of the perpetrators.
 although the results showed that those uncolded oil were not treated in pharmaceutical uses, the quality of drugs was sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states for the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to bring open to tunnels under the western wall of the al-aqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival year, the travel industry council has not received any complaints about passengers of passengers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciation in the depreciation of the depreciation of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it is said that we should not let us be backed.
 the private car stopped immediately on the ground at sha tau kok street to the scene to flee the scene.
 although there is evidence, they are still defending, but today they are still in the hands of the defence.
 governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 however, it is not fair to take into account the performance of the institutions in their respective roles and missions.
 i believe that not only will affect the future, but will also affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment is free, and even in the words of development assistance, as usual, references to development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as it is the same.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the drop in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea to the east.
 i believe that this week, this week, in this week, has demonstrated the resolve of the international community to defeat this international health.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 for its part, argentina has been able to make sacrifices for the reconstruction of democracy after decades of political instability.
 in the west doors, only her many legends have been put into the heart of people.
 it is precisely the very well-known fact that the chief executive of the world is well known as well.
 as a matter of fact, it is an important part of the participation of the united nations in the oceans.
 in history, there have been no other children in the history of that day.
 " the peace and flames of the peace are the whole of our entire continent. "
 as the chairman of the newly-elected adviser, i shall be able to build a tree on the basis of the laid laid down by the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a moral instrument for the imposition of punishment, and the wishes of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia were seized in recent years, and reported seizures of 913 kg of cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations bodies of the united nations should seriously consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (the mandatory provident fund schemes authority) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 then he was taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken away by a police vehicle in a semi-conscious state.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out more efficient and more substantively.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to identify more explicitly to determine the results of the news.
 mr chan kam-lam made his statement more than my short, but i now wish to speak more than him.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to other international forums dealing with counter-terrorism issues.
 the court of appeal of the 11 circuit trial district court of the united states was overthrowing the decision of the court.
 with regard to this point, the number of internally displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern part of katanga province had been unable to receive assistance in this year.
 as a result of the fighting in kabul and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have to leave the city.
 in view of the economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the costs of pre-employment training. "
 at the best, i can only say that the government is only saying that the government is only in its own.
 the operating budget is a total of $ 40 per year.
 in addition, a 10 per cent set of payments should be established on 31 december to compensate for the floating exchange rate.
 the president and his wife.
 the ministerial meeting of the world trade organization will be held in seattle, which could be an appropriate forum.
 the 1 question of the above-mentioned issues, as well as students, university graduates and professional groups should be determined to achieve basic skills.
 therefore, it is unwise to reject the language of the so-called so-called " so-called " one more rich and more.
 the regular receives and 7-minute pictures are regularly available at regular intervals.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as to the specific features of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, the import of ecuador's imports jumped and climbed to 2<unk>3 of the growth in the country and colombia.
 recently, the recent example is to construct a model hollowner, which relates to the integrity of country parks.
 a variety of items envisaged in the project are contained in article 11 of the model procurement model.
 chairman of the hong kong institute of management of the hong kong institute of management of the hong kong institute for property management, mr tung chee hwa, will make a keynote speech.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in the operation in june 15 was also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 the question is at all possible levels of the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information about counter-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she would also like to know what the option of the non-governmental organizations would provide information and the use of such information.
 to safeguard the interests of consumer interests, i would like to propose this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the strengthening of representative representatives, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, 15 different national shoes have been oil.
 if international treaties have signed international treaties, legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least one of them, have their homes.
 there is no change in the list of the countrys list, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to mr tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline was also seen in the construction industry, the industry and the transport industry and manufacturing industries.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of restrictions were provided for the costs paid to the appointment of lawyers and expenses.
 this is the exception of a period of time-frames which cannot be detained for a long period of detention.
 and at the weekend, at the time of the weekend, these places have been blocked with the children of the children and the transportation of the children.
 the banks do not wish to have a separate one thing, which is the government directs to how to deal with its business.
 enquiries can be made on the programme: 246 01139; advance reservation: 2734 9009.
 as a result, the taiwan strait can look at a unit to study.
 section 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code elaborated the procedures for the assets of the assets (bank accounts).
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that it is necessary to extend to training and transportation, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations for 50 years, albania has been one of the most grief dictatorships in this continent.
 we are not in favour of a pressure on pressure to address the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask why i did not <unk>
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered in the context of the international institutions that are more specific to the jurisdiction.
 1970-1975 counsellor, embassy of the soviet embassy in italy.
 there should be a code of ethics of moral codes on the legitimate commercial activities of conflict areas.
 preconditions should be the subject of fairness, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of the home ownership scheme will not be available for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 53300, compared with 31000 deaths.
 however, i have made it, because this issue is a reflection of the responsibility of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when the talk of hong kong's future, the chinese government said, " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and care of family, social and government attention.
 it was reported that exports of polluted areas were exported to other places, and then as a clean food.
 with regard to the choice of the child's family name, luxembourg reservations were made by luxembourg.
 they also discussed and agreed that it was necessary to prevent arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would like to think about the murder of the victims of thousands of victims of the past 10 years.
 when i talk about women's speech, he said that taiwan's edition of all copyrights.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women in raising self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau is determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on the 17 of july 1928, the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party of china's communist party, the ccp, arrived at the chiang river revolution.
 in the promotion of chickens, there is also a large number of staff in the farms of the farms, and the farms are indirect.
 the advisory committee requests a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements.
 against this background, the committee was working hard to understand the full behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 people have lost their power.
 the main reason for the lack of unutilized balances was the result of the termination of the force.
 moreover, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute directly to the palestinians.
 activities in the area of remote sensing in the field of remote sensing should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region have been elected and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the service industry have received a loan of $ 216000, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council were involved in the drafting of further reactions to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly states, international organizations and the united nations themselves to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are instructed to urge friends to be able to find out their own lack and honestly.
 in the wake of a few months, this storm has affected hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, as landscapes are closed yesterday.
 after protesting the assembly, some people were emotionally emotional, and the police used a high pressure on the blockade.
 a programme of work for the establishment of trade points (in annex 4) was developed in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil service and allow them to discuss together with the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system and the impact of the impact on women's impact on women.
 (c) the commander of the force commander: as a result of sensitive sensitive to the office of the office, it cuts two local level posts.
 as a matter of fact, it has been decided to reduce the expectations of the global economy and international trade.
 the department of development manages the development division and the family support division and the family support division, which has already carried out publicity activities, exhibitions, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful. "
 the international community should take the same emphasis on the same status as a fair and equal approach to human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy to prevent conflict prevention.
 similar provisions in annex iii to the basic law are also subject to article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked to me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased slightly by 0.6<unk> in july to november, with a decrease of 17<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in the society depends on the economic and social rights of economic and social rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of common concern for the whole of mankind.
 it is necessary to end their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all elements of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the above positions, the chinese side has put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all, only 120000000 us dollars have been used for the purchase of humanitarian items.
 the rent index for the consumer price index (cpi) reflects the changes in the rents in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of such an approach is focused on whether the proceeds would be returned to the original security.
 in his view, the preparatory work in beijing's olympic games will certainly host the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with the recent events of february this year, the commission considered key issues of productive employment.
 in the case of the economic measurement of the economy, we will give us a general outline.
 in 2000, the maternity protection protection ordinance in 2000 was also prohibited to women workers at the age of 21 to 21 weeks.
 paraguay has a significant improvement in the operation of paraguay.
 please see everyone.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be a great deal of development, and we hope that it will be possible as soon as possible.
 in terms of the public, the importance of the general assembly is the importance of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far greater than the overall population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire. a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the national records museum also was robbed on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology exhibition exhibition.
 they disciplinaryly tighten their disciplines and act as their own.
 these proposals have been made by the public opinion of many years and the proposals made by the masses to the masses.
 a police spokesman stressed: " there is no cause for any undue concern.
 police appeal to members of the public who knows the whereabouts of the missing person, please contact investigating officers of the missing missing persons in kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to conduct a review of the system-wide timetable.
 the 74-year-old man, the spirit of the 74-year-old man, is not feeling tired.
 this incident took place on the road close to the path of emigration.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is much times higher.
 some of the governments of the industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on their debt.
 this century and the millennium have seen the achievement of human beings, and some catastrophic tragedies have been seen.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about this somewhat controversial debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genes revolution referred to the revolutionary revolution.
 i think it is important to understand that the chinese government has agreed to compare the accuracy of the provisions of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the court of justice.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to deal with many of them.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing demand for the food and medicine of the iraqi people.
 note: chinese charitable funds and the chinese temples fund were promulgated shortly after 1926.
 it is very difficult to distinguish between voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 i have read this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continued to be high. it is expected that the inflation rate for this year will be close to 10<unk>.
 mr ip also mentioned earlier that he believed that many voters in the legal profession have been tired of them.
 i would also like to agree with the proposed amendments to reduce some of the additional administrative provisions.
 there is no need for us to repeat them here.
 a number of recommendations will be drafted on the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project to the united nations personnel, budgets and financial operations of the united nations.
 if it's still not enough to have a joint venture with her friends, the number of chinese prizes is also high.
 in conjunction with the relevant measures, customs services, the fire services department, the lands department and the planning department will be engaged in the above-mentioned verification exercise.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police have not been able to ensure security.
 the text was to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers were investigated by police officers and the three rooms of three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept their professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization should be considered renewal.
 in late february each year, the education department will invite parents to take part in the central allocation of schools in march.
 however, the cost of implementation of these technical costs.
 i had also said that he was very good he hesitated him.
 the contradiction between the part of the operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the provision of compulsory compulsory service will enable each society to benefit from each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should deal with the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the arguments mentioned earlier. i only hope you will be able to give them to the loyal employees of the elderly.
 in the absence of other speakers, the president shall announce the closure of the debate after the consent of the group.
 he said, " if you are doing their work, he is often able to reach the darkness of humanity and even the most dark. "
 i think that the upper limit should be left to the authorities in the future, and there is no need to be fixed.
 the 2 sisters of the sisters are suffering from starvation, leaving the sheep and storm storms.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service, which is the expectations of our society. "
 we can lay a major step forward in the future.
 it is clear that the community is now strongly in favour of the introduction of a bill of bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it was in a aviation security to stop them into the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow. "
 the united kingdom believed that this court should be consistent with the guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should be more active in implementing the policy.
 the convention on the law of treaties related to the multilateral conventions and agreements, including the issue of reservations of the treaty on human rights.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a genuine democratic state of a market economy.
 it was reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandese military, including five children, was allegedly snacked by the rwandan soldiers.
 " we will be tabled as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is indeed a half-way stop.
 in a number of countries, cross-border criminal instruments are subject to customs regulations, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of salaries tax and personal income taxpayers can receive tax refunds in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of the sadness of the japanese community.
 in the sudan, the department of women and the family affairs bureau of the ministry of health and social development is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the administrative committee on coordination and chairman of the committee on coordination and is accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a member of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, checks and balances between the executive and the legislature.
 even if there is no public transport in the shelling of many days, no one is going to work.
 this year, after all, it may be different.
 next, let us take you a little look at the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members will be able to observe the investigation of the office of the capo.
 it's very good for me to look at me.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its goals in gdp growth.
 yes, a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations has a very important place, we must have the united nations to have a means to go before the developments.
 the financial secretary mentioned the lyrics of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing works under the groundwater public housing estates to carry out the relevant expenditures.
 after the selection of the deputy president, i believe that this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 " there is a downward trend in industrial accidents in the catering industry, " the spokesman said.
 the croatian police are also working on foot and vehicle patrols in part-controlled areas.
 as far as the three " fundamental issues " are concerned, mr cheung noted that the commission had misunderstanding of the education department.
 it is now up to the united nations more support than ever before.
 before the registration of the registration scheme is officially implemented, the administration will consider all of the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you are asked to ask questions at the request of the public.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently kept " blows ", saying that it would be possible to reduce the pay of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last stop at the north american visit.
 the exports of developing countries from developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12th session, at its 12th session, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of states parties.
 she went to her her husband.
 although there is a need for analysis of data and quantity, the content of the press release is less than less.
 however, the report notes that although there are foods in the local market, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with such a view, and it was suggested that the current 2-year payment rate was retained.
 the international community, in the fight against the counter-terrorism struggle, should not be devoked.
 the administration has admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is about the interests of sovereignty.
 however, the current hong kong economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the coffers have a lot of state.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 9. over the years, a large number of documents proves that due to inadequate supply of water supply, it has made a price for life.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but not to prohibit the quality of nuclear tests, the quality of nuclear tests or new arms systems.
 they responded to the fact that he had been unable to receive him.
 as a whole, the whole can be better than its part.
 (b) the clp will cover the full range of public holidays in the non-spellable period on may 1 this year.
 those who will misinterpret misleading the green paper is indeed a hurry of hu.
 in 1993, he was appointed by china's witnesses from china and became a member of the institute of arbitrators of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is to be given to the need for a long-term strengthening of the capacity of national human rights and the co-operation of the country.
 the average week of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single uniform reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption products.
 we must be carefully used as international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, the economic co-operation of science and technology has grown rapidly, and the world is accelerated towards multipolarity.
 there is also a topical topic with the chinese and western paintings of the chinese and western paintings.
 in a sense of rationality and a sense of self-consciousness, it is not commensurate with the spectacularity of the family.
 i spoke about the response of the sexes in west africa.
 it is, however, the most fundamental thing for the angolan people to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few evidence of the existence of fiji.
 in the event of such a seminar, members of the conference are very tired, but it's not a waste of money.
 on the other hand, it's the world's strongest species.
 these women are also subject to discrimination with different types of employment, or in the labour of marry.
 (a) with more than 50 per cent of their economies, it can generally refer to the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has a female head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this kind of fanatic phenomenon is the product of a new system of a new system of one other than other countries.
 recently, there have been a number of outstanding groups who have not been able to talk about 1988.
 however, with the restoration of political life in the people, east timor will require continuous resources for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights and other irregularity or criminal acts.
 his election has highlighted his various merits, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", it is not possible to survive as a whole.
 at the time of the buobright, the wire shall be at 173 double-storey thread and 133 double-storeys.
 to remove the words ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-recurrent security guarantees, the debtors ' debtors should also be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially mutual legal assistance, will be the result of the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 during the period, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the explosion, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely a closed meeting of the membership of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that they are in the far future.
 as stated above, it did not mention the office of the office.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs that some things have been unable to do so.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon.
 the carpark adjacent to the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, growth growth in growth remained stable growth, and the performance of the company's performance in the 5000000 industrial index.
 many people first enjoy the convenience of repay cards, but they don't afford to do so.
 in mid-july this year, li <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the 3 ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of the ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to report to the secretariat.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents and direct meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> asianet <unk> --
 xiao7 is the well-being of happiness and his satisfaction and love for his son's friend.
 mr cheung also made a keynote address in the " safe " occupational safety and health management of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you one thing, he was especially looking for you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite economic difficulties in economic difficulties, many small-scale money can be made available to a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was suggested that the content of the draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, but also as we want to safeguard the rule of law, hong kong's international financial centre is.
 the percentage of the total allocation for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need their generous commitment as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 at the time of the 50-year-old necession at the age of 50, it is only 180.
 at the same time, the israeli occupying forces also killed a house in the village.
 those who have these symptoms are advised to consult their doctors in order to diagnose and treat the disease.
 child prostitution refers to the use or facilitating use of children in order to provide or facilitate the use of children.
 these are no good achievements.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year increase in the value of the metal products industry increased by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that the african countries face a serious problem of external debt, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of their export earnings.
 after more than two hours of debate and for many years, we are now just like to return to the first step.
 14 experts in the economic and social council have a panel of experts, which are composed of experts, rather than national representatives.
 with regard to experts, the expert unit was provided with a more-depth tactic training.
 the entire project will be completed in autumn 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be taken to replace north-south cooperation, and should be viewed as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that there is a high quality textbooks for chinese quality textbooks, the administration has set up a chinese textbook.
 another argument is: " the bank's business is better to do business. as long as the fire broke out.
 they were said to have been injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciates unctad's role in the field, the panel discussed a number of interesting issues, without a solution.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, these policies have been effective and must be viewed as education, health and management of other priorities.
 however, it was reported that the authoritarian authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the detention of the person who had been transferred to the place, and the whereabouts of the person's whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, a political party should be able to obtain public funds and the cost of electoral campaigns should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000.
 unexpectedly, sun yun yun had encountered numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) of small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) morning held a report to the chief executive during this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases sydney, november 20, 2001 sydney, tuesday.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories in the new territories is subject to the control of collective officials.
 we welcome these areas, " the spokesman added.
 it would be possible to make computers, " you don't want to tell you. "
 prior to may 1998, the security forces of the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to be a matter of silence, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please watch a series of five series of new zealand's trips to new zealand in new zealand.
 the new merger guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the testing of the pilot system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact was established as well as to preserve and preserve.
 the national television broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar, which helps to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is no right to pay the minimum minimum wage than a pension.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 mr ching ching-ming has always been devoted to the success of the law.
 the special rapporteur has requested the competent body to be reviewed immediately by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable for non-residents for non-residents and help them in suitable for their employment, " he added.
 with china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, the co-operation of two companies are expected to be prepared for communications.
 recently, a academic scholar from the mainland, in the university of hong kong, is a member of the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, there has been a system of checks and balances in the existing system.
 he said that if theft was theft, then he was able to ensure the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serb population has demonstrated their attention to the elections of provisional self-government.
 the deutilation is the headquarters of the ruf.
 the retention of " taipei's dignity " is now at the door of the new paintings.
 the person who asked not to be named said: " it is entirely fabricated by yaovo and pakistan.
 born in new zealand, rice, rice. new zealand, rice and the australian university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been attacked with each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and chinese, have also put up notices at the site of the works site for public inspection.
 because the dpp has formed a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimant provided a export credit guarantee for export credit guarantees.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed plans for the implementation of the platform for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that more attention is to be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 under the organic act of the health act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the resolution of the conflict.
 " nobody knows how much the cost is the cost of the world bank office in bangkok. "
 the present festival is published in the " red camera ", and the liaoning people publishing publishing publication.
 madam president, today, the secretary michael suen, today's secretary of today, is the " food to die ". we should not stop him.
 in the dark atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons, i might say, is a bit more.
 in the annex, the government of japan contained comments in the statute of the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the audience responded enthusiasticly to members of the group and staff of the staff.
 i can also cite some examples of the complaints that some of the patients who were suffering from chronic diseases to the hospital authority.
 the approvedozp need to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the need to ensure that gender is more sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she has a high degree of moral and moral character.
 all departments will be involved in the scheme to involve various activities involved in the scheme, from preventing trafficking in the victims to rehouse victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some instances, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the case of usually, 100 fighters of small arms are available for small arms.
 secondly, reducing the tensions in the situation.
 the draft resolution on economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories is first.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there is no cash cash reserve for the current peace-keeping reserve.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the edino and the special representative of the special representative for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in developing countries in developing countries is likely to arouse financial instability.
 a seminar on international seminars was held on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since the transaction involves the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of concepts that have achieved or not have been achieved over the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has been suffering from the sufferings of children and orphans; the conflict in the tribal conflict has become more serious.
 in january of this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes a general strengthening of the efficiency of the complex operations of civilian police.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 the youth population accounted for 19 per cent of the population of africa, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong and a number of countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 in the united states, a typical consumer of consumers will spend more than 1000 hours to look at 150,000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in the iraq humanitarian situation must be borne in mind.
 this is a topic which deserves to play.
 the office of internal oversight services requested the department of disarmament to assist the new formation of the new political will to create a financial commitment.
 we are fortunate that the financial condition is better than britain's good. therefore, there is no need to cross the danger.
 at the end of 2004, laden's images occurred at the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawaheh, has been frequent.
 the 4 area is the establishment of a national machinery based on the rule of law.
 in this connection, the council has established a working group on the reduction of waste reduction plans by mr tam.
 mr martin lee said that the government has not responded to this matter. "
 when hu was the day before the performance of the performance, hu nai-yuan became the theme of the chinese music scholars and the elders.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts in the business sector, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children are in need of care and care for children in society.
 the bosnian serb forces have been upgraded to an escalation of military attacks on civilian populations, and there are human casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said, a spokesman for the department said that the successful completion of a two-week field survey was successfully completed and the overall response rate was 90<unk>.
 the chickens have been tested and blood tested by the chickens, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be provided.
 the demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 cruise, liu ming-ming, is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china north china before the arrival of the cold front.
 this section recalls the reasons why the right to food may be considered by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle bowed a white ball in the end of the 19 century.
 the code of criminal law and criminal procedures had been amended in order to strengthen national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person who have committed weapons to commit weapons would be to promote compliance with respect for the manufacturing process.
 the government, together with the business sector, has launched a series of activities aimed at consolidating confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces were too large and the federal budget is unable to maintain.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet was performing at the same time as a guest of guests at the hong kong ballet.
 speaking at the opening of the event, the director of home affairs, mrs. yu, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new battle was taken between the military and the taliban in the north-west of abdulla.
 the volume of computer systems in computer systems is also very easy, and also triggered a number of major major problems.
 this document will be included voluntarily in the asean regional forum, indicating that there are major developments in the security situation and their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods will be returned on the same day, but once again.
 " the sooner the implementation of the mpf system will be the better. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the car was derived from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda and the use of these vehicles.
 on the contrary, they often view the people such as the enemy, and so they have no solidarity with the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the transport system.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, it recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be sorry to me.
 through this election, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is an asset class.
 it seemed that, despite the author's intention to make use of this procedure, they had not been used.
 as a result, the strategy is not to follow into a new area, but it's not possible for others to go to new areas. "
 the results of the results will be issued in july.
 as early as the 1940s of johnson's works, it has been over half a century.
 however, the bill submitted to this council today is a matter of great doubt that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 sha fi was arrested on the 3 of this month after the los angeles in los angeles in los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and future hong kong's economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly the production and processing of natural gas.
 some experts expressed the view that the statistics suggested were not reflected in the size of the issue.
 therefore, we would like to respond to different types of bricks in different areas.
 since 1978, when china's implementation has been implemented in china, there was a long-term market price.
 the bishke group has already been established within the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental foundation has changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to have a very negative impact on health.
 part of the result follows: besides religious books, social research, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year, a total of $ 102025500 will be sold for a total of $ 102525500, compared with $ 825600.
 the provisions of these provisions should be given to the question of the chinese side.
 non-competite projects carried out by historical cost in other currencies have been replaced by the united nations business exchange rate of other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is the fundamental means to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two consecutive years in hong kong's best service institutions. "
 after the incident, i know that the doctor's friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction about such behaviour.
 " it is necessary to amend the plans to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-eastern part of lantau island, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations to stop on that stage.
 to that end, the member states must be assessed on time, full and unconditional payment.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the half of the century, human beings live in fear that mankind live in fear.
 he said that it was a cabinet committee, headed by prime minister, headed by prime minister.
 it would be necessary to wait for the longer the period 2003-03, the longer the time it is prepared.
 there are no other groups that are in the case of a separate group.
 the conduct of the act is similar to a violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. in respect of these financial statements, the important accounting policy of these financial statements is attached to the financial statements.
 in southern yunnan, there will be a heavy rain in some parts of guangxi.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to express his condolences to the families of the hero who were killed by the israeli government.
 undp has not carried out a plan for the structure of undp to trust undp.
 the bureau, chaired by the bureau, chaired by the bureau, chaired by the delegation of the two delegations, mali, ukraine and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in relation to the right to development in relation to strategies, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council stands at an average of about 70 per week for an average of about 70 candidates.
 after the culprits fled, the culprit entered the woman's sleepers and he revealed the incident.
 the administration has declared that today is the country.
 for example, the pesticides have been purchased at 3 stage, but it was very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been systematically reduced by 30 per cent.
